README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @ugmurthy from Bangalore
- 🌱 I dabble in node.js, C, React, Svelte and like tailwind CSS for styling
- 🌱 Have keen interest in AI and Agentic systems
- 🌱 More recently have tried - Cursor, Bolt.new, WindSurf, kiloCode and now using ampCode for most of my work!
-  
- 📫 How to reach me ...ugmurthy@gmail.com
-    twitter @murthyug

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ugmurthy&hide_title=false&hide_rank=false&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=false&theme=dracula&locale=en&hide_border=false&order=1" height="150" alt="stats graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ugmurthy&locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=dracula&hide_border=false&order=2" height="150" alt="languages graph"  />
</div>
<!---
###
![Profile Visits](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://yasinkalkan.com/api/githubvisitorstats/track/?user=ugmurthy)
<div align="center">
  ![Profile Visits](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://yasinkalkan.com/api/githubvisitorstats/track/?user=ugmurthy)
</div>

###


ugmurthy/ugmurthy is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Revise personal details and coding preferences
Updated personal information and preferences in README.

README.md, after:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @ugmurthy from Bangalore
- 🌱 I dabble in node.js,bun, C, React, Svelte and like tailwind CSS for styling
- 🌱 Have keen interest in AI and Agentic systems (current pursuing desiAgent )
- 🌱 My coding agent preferences have been changing but at present I am settled on [ampcode](https://ampcode.com/) 
-  
- 📫 How to reach me ...ugmurthy@gmail.com
-    twitter @murthyug

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ugmurthy&hide_title=false&hide_rank=false&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=false&theme=dracula&locale=en&hide_border=false&order=1" height="150" alt="stats graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ugmurthy&locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=dracula&hide_border=false&order=2" height="150" alt="languages graph"  />
</div>
<!---
###
![Profile Visits](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://yasinkalkan.com/api/githubvisitorstats/track/?user=ugmurthy)
<div align="center">
  ![Profile Visits](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://yasinkalkan.com/api/githubvisitorstats/track/?user=ugmurthy)
</div>

###


ugmurthy/ugmurthy is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
